New composer documentation (in the jira of M18 News documentation) (#200)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/GettingStarted.rst

         - In Firefox browser:
         
                |image155|

> A new way to share in the activity stream is available via a cliquable text "Post something to your network" if you are in the home page, or "Post something to "space's name" if you are in a space's feed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new way to share in the activity stream is available via a clickable text "Post something to your network" if you are in the home page, or "Post something to "space's name" if you are in a space's feed. 
```

|image220|

|image221|

> Once you click on the text, a drawer allowing you to type and post a short message is displayed. You can write up to 2000 caracters and post to you audience or a space's audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you click on the text, a drawer allowing you to type and post a short message is displayed. You can write up to 2000 characters and post to your audience or a space's audience.
```
